right guys mark crusher hits one all in
the challenges just about
I've grown like that yes good stage this
one so we're gonna go skim bar over the
water
I've got Thor I've got five so it's
gonna be hard to stop it on the green I
think the game just going to be credit
coaches to the green stroke again to be
tough because there aren't much green to
work there so this is side a Chris this
is the one yeah I mean sure he doesn't
watch the videos let's get stuck in
right Chris scheme up off my team no
this is tricky
we asked a good effort just needed a bit
harder why get rid of me - don't think
of it right now this for the celebration
of all time this was my first Europeans
more scalping the silliest challenges
ever right forearm this could get high
pitch that's down
no one well--don't crazy win the duel
one thinking bar
thanks for Mizzou no setting this day up
great day thanks watching and we're
speak your suit if you like what's going
on here don't be afraid to subscribe to
the channel also thumbs up the video
post comments love to hear what you guys
got to say let's keep it social the more
we talk the more we share the easier
this game will get for for everybody so
if you want to find me on Facebook here
you can find me on Facebook if you want
to tweet me find me on Twitter here as
well just follow the links all in the
description come and join the show get
active get involved get pranks and
better golf thanks for watching